Add docs for token revocation via session termination api (#2363)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/develop/session-mgt-rest-api.md

       4. Add a `-k` header to the curl command and run the curl command on the terminal with a running instance of WSO2
         IS. 
         
!!! Note
    

>     - From IS5.12 version onwards, We revoke the access tokens  mapped with the session via REST API.
>     - This is applicable for authorization code grant, implicit flow, refresh token grant and hybrid flow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - From WSO2 IS 5.12.0 onwards, access tokens that are mapped with the session via REST API can be revoked. This is applicable for authorization code grant, implicit flow, refresh token grant, and hybrid flow. 
```

>     - If the same accesstoken is used my multiple sessions, then if one session is terminated via API, 
>       the other sessions may loose the tokens. So it is recommended to use sso-session binding if you want to have the 
>       functionality to revoke the accesstoken when the session is termianted via REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  If one session is terminated via the API and the same access token is used by multiple sessions,
      the other sessions may then lose their tokens. Therefore, it is recommended to use sso-session binding if you wish to retain the capability to revoke the access token when the session is terminated via REST API.
```

>     - WSO2 Identity Server sends SAML and OIDC back-channel logouts also when session is termianted via API. To support 
>       this, the application should be configured back-channel logouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - WSO2 Identity Server sends SAML and OIDC back-channel logouts also when session is terminated via API. To support 
      this, the application should be configured to enable back-channel logout.
```

Reviewer: "sends SAML and OIDC back-channel logouts" --> it is not very clear what is meant by this. What are we trying to say here?
